[Music]
it's an indoor mall but it doesn't have
a roof it's weird maybe that's what you
were saying there you know what Robin
sparkle says let's go to the
[Music]
happy day PJ fame peachy femme happy day
happy day
we are celebrated like but are we no I'm
sorry wait the day started out just put
a little bit of stress we're trying to
get John and boy a passport for fun
adventures coming up don't you tell I'm
having a blast do you think it's gonna
be possible I think we got this it just
requires a lot of effort so I just said
we're running out of words to say this
place is so pretty we are are we still
in Beverly Hills yeah girl you'll know
that when I left New York City I was
like I am leaving unto hell I can move
into my new apartment
so this adventure that's coming up is
one of my favorite places that I'm going
to be traveling on this month and a half
or a little over a month adventures
outside of New York City I'm stoked to
get back there but when I have my new
apartment
[Music]
- a person who wears clothes until they
literally have holes in them and so my
favorite pair of black jeans was
completely destroyed after wearing them
for years and years so I found some
Urban Outfitters jeans which is good
shopping time but I got some good gear
the other reason why I wear things until
they basically physically deteriorate is
I'm not the biggest fan of shopping the
fact that urban outsider stuff is like
magically fitting me now makes me happy
but you know there's still love them
more pricey than like a forever 21 or
something in them
freaking traffic both get some clothes
from Urban Outfitters we got some food
in our bellies
Jonathan Hill hello is about to release
his next clothing line so we are headed
to be like half of it you'll start
seeing it roll out very soon we're gonna
shoot some stuff at Santa Monica
shoot cool sock pictures and shoot cool
dad hat pictures cuz they gonna be
flying all the way there I wanted to
take two minutes to clear something up I
think I need to talk briefly about some
comments that I got on my New York City
apartment hunting video if you want to
know in details about that entire
process you can watch the video up here
but I got some comments about me being a
spoiled brat let's expand on that so
when you get in York City apartment you
have to prove based on last year's tax
returns that you earn 40 times the
monthly rent of the apartment that you
are applying for if you're below that
you have to get a guarantor by current
tour has to earn 80 times the monthly
rent or close to that plus proving that
they have assets I ran into some
problems at qualifying on my own because
the past two years I haven't necessarily
been working full time for all of the
years unfortunately my parents they were
able to help me out with the 80 times
thing because it's just it's ridiculous
it's a ridiculous rule so I ran into a
pickle I ran into a pickle I just I
really didn't know what to do but then
that's when my daddy bill came in and
swooped in my grant Paul because he's
smart and he's lived life and so he had
some assets to help me out but here's
here's the thing that people got very
concerned about they think that like
daddy bills pay my rent
Miah a spoiled brat hey oh wow I wish I
had a rich granddad I need you to come
to save me one side of that argument I
get the frustration because moving to
New York City is so difficult and it's
made even more difficult for people who
do not have a friend or family member
with more money than them to sign on the
lease as a guarantor but a guarantor it
does not mean that they're paying your
rent homies it means that that person Co
signs the lease so if I don't pay my
rent if I'm not responsible
then the apartment building can go and
like try to sue daddy bill and try to
take all of his money so there's more
things for them to take does that make
sense
it's a cosigner it's literally a
cosigner the moment I moved from Dallas
Texas and started working no one has
paid for any of my ish I work I work
very hard and I've paid my rent I'm
still paying my own rent and I don't
know why that kind of like triggered me
I was triggered John yeah I was like
semi upset because the one thing that I
know I know in life is that I bust my
butt for what I have and I don't have
everything figured out but you better
believe that I'm working hard and I'm
making this life in New York that I want
in the fact that I just got an apartment
with an elevator is like a big win for
me so I'm just gonna revel in this
moment like yeah you know I worked hard
last year I get an apartment with an
elevator and I am hashtag blessed that I
have a grandpa like that evil who could
cosign for that and make it happen
hard work correlates with income and say
it works like 18 hours a day if not more
it makes sense
you know usually with this internet
thing you're not exposed to get all
defensive and things yeah we get we get
crazy comments all the time and I
wouldn't have time to work if i sat here
and defended myself to everyone but the
majority of the PG fam is like so dope
and so supportive and you guys you guys
know what's up the coolest thing about
vlogging or documenting your life in any
way you choose is that you get to see
the journey and I think it's so awesome
that you know I have videos from like
three years ago that kind of shows where
I'm at as a video maker but also as a
human and so it's it's really cool that
I have a way to kind of like illustrate
all of the work that I've put in and
then like what comes from that but a
person who randomly clicks on my video
isn't gonna go I like research how I got
to this point you can't judge people
based on a snapshot like you cannot
judge someone based on what you see in
like one instance cuz like you don't
know what led up to that moment
ah traffic it's so fun doesn't mean
wanna punch a baby or anything like that
cuz that's horrible just saying it
doesn't it doesn't even want to push
baby
[Music]
shot swag you know okay I think it was a
success we still got one more location
we're grabbing some bucks
you know Gotham Starbucks Starbucks
why is this area so pretty that's a city
hall I don't know if I quite understand
yeah I made it not so long ago and I
didn't expect that look so good but I'm
really proud of my achievement yeah it's
really cool
yeah so these socks oh I mean honestly
though they're actually pretty freakin
sick say actually like you're surprised
about my achievement sick John's always
say it keep killing it so the fact their
own socks are pretty cool it's I am John
Nolan right yeah
this video goes up they'll already be
sold out but if they're not you can go
check them up in check and check them
and peachy merch will be soon soon biue
just go over to my channel to see my
shout out for her emerge-ii I said for
hanging out with me today it's always
nice to be in the California rumor to
stay PG and keep killing it and love you
guys so much and progress daily regress
daily okay
[Music]